What does the life of the Jiang family have to do with me?
Mr. Lu, you were willing to give 50% of the profit to cooperate with us before.
He must have taken a fancy to the strength of our Jiang family
Please don't be deceived by villains
Give us another chance to prove ourselves
Give you a chance
Is to take us
Huacan Group's money proves itself
How stupid is it?
Don't think that Huacan Group made a 50% profit at the beginning.
I thought your Jiang family was very powerful
Only Huacan Group says you are great here
That's awesome, yeah?
Mr. Lu, please don't be angry.
After all, it's all the fault of this trash
I have cut ties with him
He is no longer from our Jiangjiang
Are you sure?
I'm sure it's fine.
I would like to welcome the chairperson first
We'll talk about your Jiang family later.
Sure enough, this trash scandal
Affect the cooperation between our Jiang Jia and Huacan Group
Explain now
Jiang Jia still has a chance
Don't say another word.
Mr. Lu has already come on stage
The chairperson of Huacan Group is coming soon
Thank you for taking the time to be here.
This is my announcement.